# AirBnB clone - The console

This console is a command-line interpreter that provides a command line user interface so the user can create, update, destroy, and show the different instances of a class that were stored in previous sessions on a json file generated. It basically controlls the serialization and deserialization process of our program so our program is updated every time it's run

## Description

This console tries to clone the way the AirBnb back-end works. This is just to emulate a console with basics commands to controll the data(objects) of our program.

Once we create an object through our console, it's stored on a simple json file that works as our data base, this json contains all the objects that were stored in previous sessions, this way our information is safe and can be retrieved by our program every time it's started. When the program is started our FileStorage class will be in charge of realoding all the objects from the json file.
Note that as an object is not serializable, we first make sure to get a dictionary containing the different attributes of the object, and next to a key generated by the combination of the object class name and its id, we store it on a dictionary that will be written to our json file and that will contain all of our instances.

Having a dictionary allows us to perform quick searches and selections when needed. These searches and selections will be done from our console so by only consulting our FileStorage we can easily get the deserialized dictionary gotten from our json file and manipulate it

## Usage

To enter the console you just need to type:
```bash
./console
```

## Commands Samples

Different classes that can be used with the commands:  
    - BaseModel  
    - Amenity  
    - City  
    - Place  
    - Review  
    - State  
    - User  

```python
(hbnb) create City
(hbnb) show <class> <id>
(hbnb) destroy <class> <id>
(hbnb) all <class>
(hbnb) all
(hbnb) update <class> <id> <attribute_name> "<attribute value>"
(hbnb) <class>.all()
(hbnb) <class>.show("<id>")
(hbnb) <class>.update("<id>", "<attribute name>", "<attribute value>")
(hbnb) <class>.destroy("<id>")

```

## Contributors

* Monica Jaimes
* Jhon Arias

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome.